With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
The lake is a long way from here.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
The river stole the gods.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.